auto-docs: Update RPCN connector docs (#280)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/components/partials/fields/inputs/cassandra.adoc

*Default*: `false`

=== `host_selection_policy`

Optional host selection policy configurations. Highly recommended in deployments with multiple DCs. Host selection is always token aware if the token can be calculated from query. By default the underlying policy is round robin over all nodes. Users can specify a local DC and rack to use for the DC Aware & Rack Aware policies. 

*Type*: `object`

=== `host_selection_policy.local_dc`

The local DC to use, enables DC aware policy.

*Type*: `string`

=== `host_selection_policy.local_rack`

> The local rack to use, requires local_dc to be set, enables rack aware policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The local rack to use when enabling rack aware policy. Requires local_dc to be set.
```
